---
layout: post
title: Finding Inspiration in Classical Music
date: 2011-05-24 01:16:42 EST
excerpt: "Inspiration is sometimes hard to find. next time you're struggling, try classical music. Works like a charm."
---

I recently began listening to rather disturbing amounts of classical music. A friend of mine attends a music conservatory where he studies vocal performance, and my visit there really solidified a love that I have for classical music. I find myself mostly looking into choral pieces by [Romantic-era](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Romantic_music) composers.

My favourite as of late has been [Gabriel Fauré](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabriel_Faur%C3%A9). His [Requiem](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Requiem_%28Faur%C3%A9%29) is just too good. Of all the music I've downloaded thus far (that's 142 songs), his Requiem (7 tracks) is by far the most-played. The intensity that Fauré displays in his compositions shines through in this particular work. Listening to "Libera Me" is almost overwhelming; I am filled with every emotion imaginable.

Ok, it's time for a digression. I have been asked by many why I enjoy classical music. "I just find it boring," the inquirer may say. To that, I say "fooey!" The emotion provoked by classical music (much of it, anyhow) is most certainly a strength that is not found in today's music; the myriad emotions felt by the listener is tremendously important to the enjoyment of the music. Of the friends I have asked, many report feeling "young" when listening to artists such as Lady Gaga, Kanye West and other notable artists of the here-and-now. But these artists will most likely never experience the sheer fusion that our society currently experiences with classical music. This longevity of appreciation that classical music enjoys is unquestionably magnificent. It is perhaps not a surprise that the "trendy" music never takes hold: we don't find very many fans of 80's music as it compares to 21st-century music for the very reason that it's no longer "trendy"... it's been 30 years.

I believe all people should cultivate some regard for classical music. If we incorporated emotion into the enjoyment of music again (other than the feeling of "being young" which we get from much of today's popular music), we would probablt be a much happier society. "Parker, that's a rather ridiculous claim," you might say. Well, let me mention one more thing before you give up on me. Society would be happier (better) if we incorporatied an understanding and appreciation for classical music becayse we would learn how to truly appreciate other joys of life; one might begin to appreciate the cellphone in his pocket rather than throwing it to the ground so that he can receive the newest model or something like that. Oughtn't we be just glad that we have something such as that without wanting _more_? It seems excessive to me to ask for that which you already have.

I appreciate classical music for all of its quirks and not all composers hae written music which I like. But that is beside the point; we must first cultivate an understanding and appreciation for what we have (in my case, these tracks of music) and extend that same appreciation on to other things, such as the food we eat and the clothes we wear. And no, admiration for what we do have has _nothing_ to do with wanting something new; in fact, it is quite the opposite. Take that into consideration next time you are looking to trash something that is perfectly good and from which you gain a lot of utility.

This completes an installment of "Late-night Musings" with Parker. I hope you enjoyed my somewhat jumbled and redundant thoughts. It's been a pleasure.