---
layout: post
title: Today
date: 2011-05-26 02:10:16 EST
published: false
excerpt: Grrr.
---

Today's the day when I realized that my entire high school experience was crap. I had some good friends, but overall, the one person I wanted to be most like was a douche. I modeled my behaviour after this person. I modeled my looks after this person. I modeled my _life_ after this person. I wanted to be this person. I realized tonight that I really don't want anything more to do with this person. 

They say that a popular person in high school will undoubtedly find it hard to move on. The relationships these people have with their high school friends will never change, despite the ever-so-obvious changes we undergo after we graduate. It's this that I cannot stand; consequently, my appreciation for high school has fallen to almost none.

I have been bogged down by an inferiority complex 4-years deep that has fundamentally shaped who I am today. Do I like who I am today? For the most part, yeah, sure. I've been told that I can seem pretentious, a quality I despise in others and wish to stamp out in myself. Yet others tell me I'm too old for my age and judgmental of those who wish to live on as kids. These qualities are aspects of myself that i don't like; qualities taken-on due to my relationship with this person.

Today I make the change; a change so marvelous, I will be an entirely better person. If you struggle with this same issue &mdash; someone affecting your life in a way with which you're not comfortable &mdash; **make the change**.